Readme.md, before:

# Steam Image Scripts

Somewhat outdated scripts that attempt to download images from Steam using
your profile information. Unfortunately, Steam profile privacy makes this somewhat
impractical.

Maybe I can update these later to work with a manually downloaded page?

Overall dependencies to install these tools:

* `help2man` to generate manual pages
* a Python interpreter that can be run with `python3`

To install to `/usr/local`, simply run `install.sh` (likely with sudo).
This will also generate the manual pages.

To uninstall later, run `uninstall.sh`.

Run either with the `PREFIX` variable set to a value to install to an alternate
location. Example:

```shell
# PREFIX=/usr ./install.sh
```

or

```shell
$ PREFIX=/home/youruser/.local ./install.sh
```

**NOTE**: Python libraries attempt to detect a suitable Python include path
using the `getpypath.py` helper script. At present they will only install
into `/usr/local` (specifically *purelib*) or your home folder (*USER_SITE*).

Refer to manpages for details on any individual tool.

Commit message:

Upgrade to operate on a downloaded file instead

Readme.md, after:

# Steam Image Scripts

Scripts that attempt to download images from Steam using
your profile information. There is some vestigal code to download them,
but for security reasons you'll need to downlad your "games" page (all games view)
by hand and provide that path to the scripts.

Overall dependencies to install these tools:

* `help2man` to generate manual pages
* a Python interpreter that can be run with `python3`

To install to `/usr/local`, simply run `install.sh` (likely with sudo).
This will also generate the manual pages.

To uninstall later, run `uninstall.sh`.

Run either with the `PREFIX` variable set to a value to install to an alternate
location. Example:

```shell
# PREFIX=/usr ./install.sh
```

or

```shell
$ PREFIX=/home/youruser/.local ./install.sh
```

**NOTE**: Python libraries attempt to detect a suitable Python include path
using the `getpypath.py` helper script. At present they will only install
into `/usr/local` (specifically *purelib*) or your home folder (*USER_SITE*).

Refer to manpages for details on any individual tool.
